Documenting Import Methods (#301)
OpenImaging/miqa: prod/README.md

This directory contains everything required to deploy MIQA in production using docker-compose.

# Instructions
**All of these commands should be run from the `prod` directory.**

## Configure Web services

1. Run:
```
cp nginx.conf.template nginx.conf
cp .env.template .env
```

2. Edit the newly-created `prod/.env` file and replace all instances of "miqa.local" with with the desired domain name of your MIQA instance.

> You can also specify those variables explicitly in your local shell environment instead of editing the file. `docker-compose` will check for local shell values before defaulting to the values in `.env`.

3. Edit your /etc/hosts file (or non-unix equivalent) and add the following entry (note that the separator is a tab). Replace `miqa.local` with the domain name of your MIQA instance.

> 127.0.0.1 miqa.local

> 4. You will need SSL certificates for your server. For a real production instance, these certificates should be signed by a third-parth certificate authority. If you have third-party certificates, skip to 5. For testing a production instance, it is sufficient to create self-sgined certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. You will need SSL certificates for your server. For a real production instance, these certificates should be signed by a third-parth certificate authority. If you have third-party certificates, skip to 5. For testing a production instance, it is sufficient to create self-signed certificates.
```

7. Run the following command. Replace the `~/git/miqa/prod` portion with wherever you have cloned the miqa repository. This command will run an nginx container and mount the `miqa/prod` directory into the container's nginx configuration directory so it has access to `nginx.conf` and to your SSL certificates.

```
docker run -v ~/git/miqa/prod:/etc/nginx/conf.d:ro --network=host nginx
```

## Build the docker image
```
docker-compose build
```

## Apply the DB migrations
Until you do this, the postgres DB is completely empty.
This will not populate any data, only set up tables.
```
docker-compose run --rm django ./manage.py migrate
```

## Create a superuser to administer the server
**IMPORTANT**: Set both the Username and Email to the same valid email address. Admin logins will break if you do not.
```
docker-compose run --rm django ./manage.py createsuperuser
```

## Run the server

> Run the following command in a new shell in the same directory (as this command needs to continue running as the server; use Ctrl+C to down the server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command in a new shell in the same directory (as this command needs to continue running as the server; use Ctrl+C to stop the server gracefully).
```
